Add Global Accessibility Awareness 2022 exercise (#12)
guardian/accessibility: global-accessibility-awareness-day/2022.md

# Global Accessibility Awareness Day 2022

Thursday 19th May 2022

## Testing your product with a screen reader

In the UK around [2 million people live with sight loss][sight-loss]. There are 350,000 people on the registers of blind and partially sighted people in the UK.

[sight-loss]: https://www.rnib.org.uk/professionals/knowledge-and-research-hub/key-information-and-statistics

> On Global Accessibility Awareness Day, we want to ask you to fire up a screen reader and spend half an hour browsing one of our products. It could be theguardian.com, one of our apps or a product your team maintains.

Reviewer: Looks great to me!

If you'd like to give yourself a challenge, why not try our **Screen Reader Speedrun**:

> - open [theguardian.com](https://www.theguardian.com) in your favourite browser.

Reviewer 2: Does VoiceOver perform ok on Chrome/Firefox? The WebAIM site suggests Safari might work best, but maybe it's actually fine? 🤷

Author: Good point. It _ought_ to work with Chrome / Firefox, but I have found the experience to be more frustrating with these browsers. Since the target audience for these steps includes people who may never have used a screen reader before, I think it's a good idea to set them on the Safari happy path, like WebAIM suggests 🙂

```suggestion
- on your laptop, open [theguardian.com](https://www.theguardian.com) in the Safari web browser.
```

Reviewer: It's designed to work with Safari - I believe some useful features like the rotor only work on Safari.

- set a stopwatch - use your phone, or [search Google for "stopwatch"](https://www.google.com/search?q=stopwatch) to bring one up in another tab

> - fire up the screen reader software on your device

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- fire up the screen reader software on your device (for instructions on how to do this, see "Getting started" below)
```
